{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The Story of Loomi\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Loomi began on a quiet night at home.\
About two years ago, my wife Taylor and I were having an at home date night, talking about life, our kids, and all the wild things we were starting to see technology do. We talked about how powerful AI was becoming, but also how distant and impersonal so much of it felt.\
Then Taylor had a simple, wonderful idea.\uc0\u8232 What if we used this technology to write stories for our kids?\
Stories where they were the heroes.\uc0\u8232 Stories that felt personal.\u8232 Stories that could become part of our nightly routine.\
I work in tech, and the idea immediately stuck with me. Not just because it was technically interesting, but because it felt meaningful. I loved the idea of learning how to build a mobile app that could turn our kids\'92 imagination into something real.\
So I started building.\
Late nights.\uc0\u8232 Weekends.\u8232 Tiny moments of progress after bedtime.\
What started as a small experiment slowly turned into something bigger. Our kids became part of the process, helping shape the stories, reacting to what felt magical, and showing us what didn\'92t. Their curiosity and joy guided so many of the decisions along the way.\
Friends and family became our first testers. They gave feedback, shared ideas, and helped bring features to life, turning Loomi from a rough idea into a real experience families could use and love.\
We live in East Grand Rapids, Michigan, and Loomi is deeply rooted in the life we\'92ve built here. Slow evenings, close knit community, and the belief that the smallest moments often matter the most.\
Loomi is named after the idea of a loom and light. Every story is a thread. Every family moment is a spark. Loomi weaves those threads together into something warm, simple, and lasting.\
At its heart, Loomi isn\'92t about technology.\uc0\u8232 It\'92s about connection.\u8232 About slowing down.\u8232 About creating moments your family will remember.\
We built Loomi for our kids.\uc0\u8232 And we\'92re so excited to share it with yours.\
}